OSASINFRA-3615: OpenStack: Add installation steps for single stack IPv6 clusters (#9044)
openshift/installer: docs/user/openstack/deploy_single_stack_ipv6_cluster.md

# Creating a single stack IPv6 cluster on OpenStack

## Table of Contents

- [Prerequisites](#prerequisites)
- [Creating Network for the cluster](#creating-network-for-the-cluster)
- [Creating IPv6 API and Ingress VIPs Ports for the cluster](#creating-ipv6-api-and-ingress-vips-ports-for-the-cluster)
- [Deploy OpenShift](#deploy-openshift)

## Prerequisites

* Installation with single stack IPv6 is only allowed when using one pre-created OpenStack IPv6 subnet.
* DNS must be configured in the Subnet.
* Add the IPv6 Subnet to a neutron router to provide router advertisements.

> * The network MTU must accomodate the minimun MTU for IPv6, which is 1280, and OVN-Kubernetes encapsulation overhead, which is 100.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* The network MTU must accommodate the minimum MTU for IPv6, which is 1280, and OVN-Kubernetes encapsulation overhead, which is 100.
```
